---
title: "1.22.0"
description: "Released on 08/25/2021"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

- infra: the following features have been deprecated and require migration:
  - The Coder Helm chart no longer includes `envproxy`.
  - The workspace provider Helm chart has been removed; ensure that existing
    workspace providers have been
    [migrated to a satellite deployment](../admin/satellites/migration.md).

### Features ✨

- P2P connections: added ability to connect to workspaces using WebRTC STUN,
  which establishes a direct connection to workspaces.
- Cached CVMs:
  [cached container-based virtual machines (CVMs)](../admin/workspace-management/cvms.md#enabling-cached-cvms)
  will improve the startup experience of CVM workspaces; previously, CVM
  workspaces suffered from slow startup times due to the `envbox` Docker
  daemon's inability to utilize the cache on the node. With the cache on the
  node accessible, Coder's also eliminated the need to run `dockerd` in
  `envbox`. To enable cached CVMs, go to **Manage** > **Admin** >
  **Infrastructure**. Scroll down to **Workspace Container Runtime**, and toggle
  **Enable Caching** to **On**.
- infra: added ability to
  [enable dynamic loading of `shiftfs`](../admin/workspace-management/cvms.md#enabling-cached-cvms).
- web: added progress details to the "injecting workspace assets" step in the
  workspace build log.
- web: added Android Studio support.
- web: added ability to see the active number of license seats in use. See
  **Manage** > **Admin** > **License**.
- infra: updated `envbox` to always use Docker 20.10.3 or later.
- infra: set Networking v2 as the default; the provider config option has been
  removed.
- web: added ability to use hyphens and underscores in dev URLs.
- web: added improved logging and error messages to the workspace creation
  process for image import failures.
- cli: added `coder ws ping <workspace_name>` command that returns information
  regarding workspace latency.
- cli: updated `coder sh` to use a WebRTC tunnel.
- web: added ability to modify suggested CPU and memory settings to the **Create
  Workspace** UI when creating a workspace based on a packaged image.
- infra: added client-side username validation to clarify acceptable input
- infra: during installation, the Helm package manager checks to ensure that
  Coder is compatible with the Kubernetes cluster version used; if not, the
  installation process fails, and Helm returns an error message indicating the
  minimum cluster version required.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed grammar errors and improved messaging in UI.
- web: fixed issue with the sign-in page so that it always displays OIDC login
  option when configured.
- web: fixed issue with linking to GitHub when the Coder SSH key has been added
  already to GitHub.
- web: fixed issue where required rebuild messages do not disappear until the
  page is refreshed.
- web: fixed rendering issues related to the workspace status bar.
- web: removed non-functioning toggle to disable system notifications.
- web: fixed issue with Coder moving back into setup mode if the authentication
  configuration process fails.
- web: fixed **Images** page sort; Coder now sorts the entire list instead of
  the current page based on the number of workspaces that use the image.
- cli: the Coder CLI now returns an error message if a user attempts to connect
  to an offline workspace via SSH.
- infra: fixed issue with `coderd` attempting to use the public access URL to
  connect to TURN; `coderd` now uses `localhost` instead to avoid hitting the
  load balancer.
- web: moved workspace build "last built at" time to the top of the build log.
- infra: fixed connection leak in Networking v2 when proxying browser traffic.

### Security updates 🔐

- infra: updated `Content-Security-Policy` to be stricter.
- infra: updated `CORS` header to prevent cookies from being sent to Coder
  subdomains.
- infra: implemented dev URL-specific tokens that cannot be used for
  authentication.
