# 1.26.0

### Breaking changes ❗

- infra: Coder now requires the use of Kubernetes v1.20 or later. See Coder's
  [version support policy] for more information.

<!-- Turn off linting to avoid changing the link -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD044 -->

[version support policy]:
  ../setup/kubernetes/index.md#supported-kubernetes-versions

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD044 -->

### Features ✨

- web: **(alpha)** added support for Azure Container Registry authentication
  using Azure Active Directory Pod Identity.
- web: added ability to set access URLs for individual workspace providers.
- web: added ability to enable fallback shell support.
- web: added ability to use Markdown syntax when customizing system and service
  banners. Note that Coder will now render existing banners with Markdown
  content.
- web: improved error catching in build logs.
- web: updated **Images** > **Workspaces** to display the specific tag used.
- web: added functionality where Coder stores the `CMD` from the Docker image
  when imported/refreshing image tags so that users on OpenShift can use a
  default shell.
- web: added ability to set a constant suffix for all dev URLs (e.g.,
  `*-suffix.coder.io`).
- web: updated `error` chips in the UI to display error messages in a tooltip.
- web: made the dark theme generally available under **Preferences** >
  **Appearance** (users who have enabled the beta version via feature flag will
  need to re-enable this; Coder won't auto-apply the theme).
- cli: CLI now displays connection status and protocol used, even outside of
  `debug` mode.
- cli: added support for UDP tunneling.
- jetbrains: fixed Projector so that new editor windows open and fill the
  browser window.
- jetbrains: updated Projector client and server to `1.5.0`.
- infra: updated `nice` values for OpenSSH connections to prevent disconnection
  during times of high CPU usage.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed issue with dev URLs and Open in Coder buttons not redirecting users
  appropriately based on their authentication status.
- web: fixed rendering issues present in the Coder UI when using the dark theme.
- web: fixed issue with build log hanging in Safari 15.1.
- web: added validation to prevent the use of dev URLs with subdomains with more
  than 63 characters.
- web: added username validation to the user-creation process.
- cli: fixed issue with auto-generated `ControlPath` values being too lengthy.
- infra: updated `coderd` to start HTTPS server even if no TLS certificates are
  specified.
- infra: fixed issue where `coderd` was unable to communicate with CVM-enabled
  workspaces.
- infra: fixed issue where `nodeSelector` annotation cannot be updated.
- infra: fixed cached CVMs to use the correct IP address for `/etc/hosts` in the
  pod's inner container, allowing the use of the container name as the
  application host.
- C4D: fixed issue with Coder for Docker workspaces not having the default
  personalize script.
- C4D: added ability for Coder for Docker workspaces to use workspace templates.
- C4D: fixed issues with SSH connections to/from the Coder CLI.

### Security updates 🔐

- infra: removed CORS headers from `coderd`.
- infra: removed sensitive fields from admin-only workspace providers query
  endpoints.

### Known issues 🔧

- web: the service banner (if enabled) reappears for all users, even if they've
  previously dismissed it.
- web: using the web terminal in Coder can occasionally result in the connection
  being reset and needing to be restarted.
- web: the **Switch workspace** drop-down menu shows a workspace's status as
  **Building** even though the build process is completed.
- web: users installing v1.24 (or later) into an air-gapped environment cannot
  upload their license when prompted.
