---
title: "1.15.0"
description: "Released on 01/20/2021"
---

### Breaking Changes ❗

- web: The root dashboard PWA manifest has been removed. Please
  [uninstall the Coder PWA](https://help.coder.com/hc/en-us/articles/360057764633-Install-the-PWA).
  Coder is moving forward with a PWA-per-application approach. To install
  `code-server PWA`:
  - click the `Code` application from the _Environments_ page
  - Code Server will open in a new window (or tab) with a web manifest
  - Install the application
  - **Note:** Currently, the PWA scope is limited _per environment_. This means
    each environment requires that the `Code` application is installed as a PWA.
    We recognize that this is not an ideal workflow and as such, it will be
    addressed in a future iteration.
- web: **Services** have been deprecated. We're working hard on a declarative approach
  to creating environments with YAML: **Environments as Code**. This feature is projected
  to land with Coder version 2.0 within Q1 of 2021. For now, **Services** work the
  same as they have before, but are not receiving any improvements in light of the
  upcoming paradigm change. As of 2.0, they'll be completely removed.

### Features ✨

- web: The Manage > Users table displays a notice on dormant accounts that will
  be removed within 30 days
- web: Admin Panel Cluster Info page has been added
- web: Admin Panel redesigns
  - The "General" page is now "Infrastructure", with a new design
  - Authentication, Appearance, Telemetry and Dormancy have been redesigned
- web: The code-server application can now be installed as a progressive web
  application. Click the code-server icon from the environments page, and then
  follow your browser's instructions for installing the web app. - **NOTE:**
  This application is installed _per environment_. This limitation will be
  addressed in future iterations.
- web: Hovering an image in the summary card on the `Environments` page elicits
  displays a Tooltip with extended information
- web: We've redesigned the Coder Dashboard to use NextJS and SSR. Page loads should
  be quicker ⚡.

### Bug Fixes 🐛

- infra: Fix removing of query strings from Dev URL authentication redirect
- infra: Dotfiles install.sh script is no longer `exec`'d but instead invoked as
  a child process.
- jetbrains: Fix appearance of window title and close buttons
- jetbrains: Opening URLS and/or clicking links now open in a new tab
- jetbrains: Fix accessing the context menu from then Terminal toolbar
- web: Environment resources no longer display until an environment is running
- web: In the dialog for importing an image tag, tags that are already imported
  no longer appear
- web: In the dialog for creating/editing an environment, images and tags are
  now sorted alphabetically and by creation date respectively.

### Security Updates 🔐

There are no security updates in 1.15.0.
