---
title: "1.16.0"
description: "Released on 02/22/2021"
---

### Breaking Changes ❗

- The deprecated `Services` feature is now **removed**. All resources created
  for Services are preserved for data recovery purposes (volumes, database
  tables, etc.), but are not accessible through the Coder platform. Please
  reference [Docker in Environments](../environments/cvms) for a guide on the
  new workflow for running containers within your Environment.
- The built-in Internal Extension Marketplace is now **removed**. All resources
  created for this feature are preserved for data recovery purposes, but are not
  accessible through the Coder platform. For air-gapped deployments, the
  `Custom` Extension Marketplace configuration enables the use of
  [Open VSX](https://github.com/eclipse/openvsx) as an alternative.
- The [Container-based Virtual Machine](../admin/environment-management/cvms)
  environment option is now considered generally available. The admin-level
  configuration is still required, but the `alpha` warning has been removed.
- Environment SSH routing has new behavior. If you have any processes listening
  on port 22 it will be used to provide SSH access to your environment instead
  of the bundled SSH implementation. This is a breaking change for users that
  had services listening on port 22 before this change. Please reference
  [this guide](../admin/environment-management/ssh-access.md).

### Features ✨

- Public Rest API: [documentation](https://apidocs.coder.com)
- Support for remote port forwarding over SSH
  - ex: `ssh -R 8080:localhost:8080 coder.dev`
- Support for
  [running a full OpenSSH server](../admin/environment-management/ssh-access.md)
  inside your Environment.
- The administrator configuration option "Privileged Environments" is now
  removed. All non-CVM environments are launched with `privileged: false`.
- web: PWA icons for jetbrains and code-server have been redesigned
- web: Input sliders have been redesigned
- web: A character counter was added to the organization description field
- web: Display warning when memory provision rate is high
- web: The dashboard has been redesigned with a new color scheme and navbar
  branding

### Bug Fixes 🐛

- infra: Extraneous environment variables were removed from non-CVM based
  environments

### Security Updates 🔐

There are no security updates in 1.16.0.
