---
title: "1.17.0"
description: "Released on 03/17/2021"
---

### Breaking Changes ❗

- helm: The `namespaceWhitelist` field on the Coder helm charts has been
  removed and the organization namespaces feature has been
  deprecated.
  - Deployments that had this value set cannot add namespaces, and cannot remove
    namespaces unless there are no environments still using them
  - Existing environments in whitelisted namespaces will continue to work
  - Environments cannot be created in whitelisted namespaces any longer
  - Organizations can't be removed from a workspace provider (see below) until all
    environments in that organization *and* workspace provider are deleted. Users
    in an organization can create environments in the built-in workspace provider
    until *all* environments in that provider are deleted and the organization is
    removed from the whitelist.

### Features ✨

- Workspace Providers: Workspace providers enable a single Coder deployment to
  provision and manage workspaces across multiple Kubernetes clusters and
  namespaces.
  - web: New configuration page available via **Manage** > **Admin** >
    **Workspace Providers**
  - web: New option to choose your workspace provider in the Create and Edit
    Environment modals
  - infra: New support for the use of multiple Kubernetes clusters and
    namespaces
- Autostart: Autostart allows you to set the time when Coder automatically
  starts and builds your environments.
  - web: New onboarding wizard available for setting a preferred Autostart time.
  - web: New configuration page available via **Account Preferences** >
    **Autostart** that allows you to set a time and choose the environments that
    should be automatically started. We recommend enabling this feature for the
    environments you use the most.
  - web: New checkbox for opting into Autostart is available on the Create and
    Edit Environment modals.
  - web: Autostart action has been added to the Audit Log

- web: Environment stop actions have been added to the Audit Log
- web: UI shows most recent Build Log for offline environments
- cli: Improved sign-in flow to authenticate the CLI with Coder
- web: Improved error messages within the Build Log
  - Improved messages when '/coder/configure' is not executable
- code-web: Upgraded to code-server version 3.9.0
- jetbrains: The Mac OS keymap plugin is now automatically installed
- web: Resources section on Environments page has been redesigned
- web: Applied consistent design theme across all Preferences pages

### Bug Fixes 🐛

- web: Fixed dormant accounts and accounts pending deletion not displaying
  correctly in the **Manage > Users** table
- web: Fixed DevURL error page links using incorrect URIs.
- infra: Fixed timeout when deleting users with many environments
- infra: Increased offline timeout in trial versions of Coder
- web: Fixed casing when referencing 'GitHub' and 'GitLab'
- infra: Fixed an issue whereby renaming an OAuth provider caused a duplicate to
  be created. Migrating to 1.17.0 will remove these duplicates. They are not
  visible in the UI.
- infra: Corrected environment statuses during build and shutdown states
- web: Fixed SiteAdmin users receiving a notification that their SSH keys are
  out of sync after creating an initial environment.
  - Note: We do not recommend using the SiteAdmin user beyond the initial setup

### Security Updates 🔐

- When resetting the SiteAdmin password using the `cemanager
  reset-admin-password` tool, Coder requires a new password to be set upon next
  login (the initial password provided is marked as a temporary password).
