---
title: "1.19.0"
description: "Released on 05/19/2021"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

- infra: Workspace assets created by Coder that were previously located at
  `/opt/coder`, such as code-server and coder-cli, have been moved to
  `/var/tmp/coder`
- infra: Workspaces as code templates have been updated from version _0.1_ to
  _0.2_. Version _0.1_ templates will no longer work.
- web: The workspace as code _Open in Coder_ embeddable button flow no longer
  includes a _clone_ step; buttons created from prior versions will still work,
  but Coder will not clone the project. To automate project cloning, use
  [`workspace.configure.start`](../workspaces/workspaces-as-code/templates.md#workspaceconfigurestart)
- web: The embedded form for workspaces as code located at **Manage** >
  **Admin** > **Templates** no longer uses the following fields: **Project
  Repository URL** and **Project Git Service**

### Deprecation notices 

- helm: The `dashboard` deployment and service are being removed in a future
  release. Any customers relying on routing rules outside the default ingress
  included in the helm chart should remove any routing rules to this service
  and direct traffic to the `cemanager` service instead.

### Features ✨

- web: Introduced resource quotas to organizations. Resource quotas define the
  maximum resource utilization allowable for each member within an organization
  for which such quotas are enabled. Modify them at **Manage** >
  **Organizations** > **Edit Organization**
- web: Added a reactivation step for returning users that had been marked as
  dormant. The reactivation step requires the user to agree to use a license
  seat
- web: Added an admin setting controlling the maximum dev URL access level
  across all workspaces within the deployment. Modify the maximum dev URL access
  level at **Manage** > **Admin** > **Infrastructure** in the card titled **Dev
  URL Access Permissions**
- web: The CVM option will be selected by default when creating a custom
  environment (if CVMs are enabled at the site level)
- web: Improved display and support for errors returned by an Identity Provider
  (IdP) during sign-in
- infra: Changed permissions of `/home/coder/` and subdirectories to _755_ in
  control plane containers to support OpenShift `anyuid`
- infra: Workspace builds are now properly validated when setting policy
  templates
- infra: Added a TURN server for to cemanager on port `5349`. Must set
  `cemanager.turn.enable` to `true` in Helm values. This is required to enable
  the **NetworkingV2** alpha feature.
- infra: Added an **Enable Networking V2** option, which is available at
  **Manage > Admin > Infrastructure > Alpha Features**. Enabling this feature
  allows developers to use WebRTC networking for `ssh` when using the built-in
  workspace provider.
- cli: Added a `--next` flag to the `coder config-ssh` CLI. Using this flag will
  set the SSH config for workspaces in the built-in workspace provider to use
  the new WebRTC networking.
- code-server: Upgraded code-server to 3.10.0 (latest version)

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: Fixed issue where the **Edit Workspace** dialog showed the resource
  selectors as disabled while still allowing modifications
- web: Fixed issue where the **Edit Workspace** dialog displayed resource
  allocation incorrectly if the workspace was initially built using a template
- web: Updated validation logic so that workspaces with invalid names can no
  longer be created
- web: Fixed issue causing web-based terminals to show two scrollbars and
  overflowing content when system banners are present
- infra: Fixed issue causing workspace autostart to stop or fail intermittently
- web: Fixed issue in the **Audit Logs** preventing users from clearing the
  filters
- web: Added a _.csv_ extension to exported audit logs

### Security updates 🔐

- web: Upgraded version of `next` to 10.2.0.
- web: Upgraded and addressed CVE-2021-21306 in `marked`.
- web: Upgraded and addressed Fix CVE-2021-23368 in `postcss`.
- web: Client secret is now omitted from `GET` requests to OAuth configurations.
- web: When authenticating with the CLI, a new API key is always generated.
- web: Fixed authentication for the _watch-update_ workspace endpoint. This was
  previously open to any authenticated user
- web: Fixed issue where audit logs for **workspace auto-off** was always
  attributed to the site admin; the audit log has been corrected to display the
  user owning the workspace.
- infra: Increased the minimum requirement for inbound and outbound connections
  to TLS 1.2
- infra: Added debug logs to show TLS certificates
