---
title: "1.20.0"
description: "Released on 06/16/2021"
---

### Breaking changes â—

There are no breaking changes in 1.20.0.

### Features âœ¨

- web: Added the ability to set a site-wide workspace template policy at
  **Manage > Admin > Templates > Template Policy**. If not set, Coder uses the
  provided default.
- web: Added the _nodeSelectors_ field to workspace templates.
- other: Added a new JSON schema for writing Coder workspace as code templates
  with code completion and syntax checking.
- web: Added a service message that's displayed to all users of the system. The
  message can be dismissed by each user at any point and will not be shown again
  until there is a new message.
- web: Added text wrapping to system banners.
- infra: TLS management (/_TODO_/)
- templates: Added Kubernetes annotations to workspace templates.
- infra: Increased network performance for creating new workspaces.
- infra: Added a `CODER_RUNTIME` environment variable that indicates whether a
  workspace is CVM-enabled or not.
- web: Updated UI to display decommissioned workspaces that are awaiting
  deletion.

### Bug fixes ðŸ›

- web: Fixed bug causing duplicate fetch requests on page load.
- web: Fixed issue causing private dev URLs to load as blank pages for
  unauthorized users (these users now see an error message).

### Security updates ðŸ”

- web: Require administrative permissions to view and modify workspaces
  belonging to other users; previously, users could view others' workspaces
- web: Added content security policy (CSP) to help protect against cross-site
  scripting attacks.
- web: Added opt-in for HTTP Strict Transport Security. This setting can be
  managed at **Manage > Admin > Infrastructure > HTTP Strict Transport
  Security**.
- web: Added opt-in for secure cookies. This setting can be managed at **Manage
  > Admin > Infrastructure > Secure Cookie**.
- web: Use strong cryptographic APIs to generate random numbers in backend and
  frontend.
- infra: Upgraded control plane containers from Red Hat UBI 8.3 to 8.4, and
  switch from ubi to ubi-minimal to reduce container contents.
- infra: Enable read-only root filesystem for control plane containers, by
  default. You can override this with the Helm `coderd.securityContext` setting.
- web: Resolved CVE-2021-23364 in browserslist.
- web: Resolved CVE-2021-23358 in underscore.
- web: Resolved CVE-2020-7753 in trim.
- web: Added ability to filter the audit log by the _auto-off_ action.
- other: Added `gosec` as a required check in the Coder development process; all
  flagged results were reviewed and addressed.
- other: Added `SonarCloud` static code analysis as a required check in the
  Coder development process; all flagged results were reviewed and addressed.
