---
title: "1.21.0"
description: "Released on 21/07/2021"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.21.0.

### Features ✨

- Satellites: Satellites are Coder deployments used as access points to
  workspaces provisioned in a multi-region pattern; they act as local proxies to
  workspaces, allowing you to reduce latency for developers. Satellites keep
  traffic from the developer's machine to the workspaces within the same region
  instead of requiring the traffic to cross regions back to the primary Coder
  deployment.
- infra: Added WebRTC service (including ICE server routes)
- web: Added ability to cancel the workspace build process after it's been
  started.
- web: Updated workspace status bar to better display workspace status (e.g.,
  "Creating workspace").
- web: Updated workspace providers management screen (**Manage** >
  **Providers**) to include edit and delete options, as well as an organizations
  selector.
- web: Added ability to specify Kubernetes `tolerations` and `nodeSelector` for
  workspaces. This can be done via **Manage** > **Providers**; select the
  provider of interest and click **Edit**.
- web: Added support for multiple SSH keys, allowing the addition of one SSH key
  per OAuth application (e.g., GitHub, GitLab). Previously, Coder only supported
  one SSH key across all deployments.
- infra: Renamed Kubernetes labels still referring to environments to
  workspaces.
- infra: Added ability to write audit logs to the container's stdout/stderr.
- infra: Added SSH agent forwarding support when not using OpenSSH.
- web: Updated footer to display license information to site admins and site
  managers.
- web: Updated system banners to remind site managers of license expiration when
  3 days remain.
- web: New users authenticating via OIDC will see Coder using their preferred
  username instead of an auto-generated username based on their email.
- infra: Added additional logging to OAuth processes.
- web: Renamed the `WorkspaceBuilder/WAC` directory to
  `WorkspaceBuilder/Templates` and renamed `workspaces as code` to
  `workspace templates`.
- web: Changed Coder's JWE query parameter so that `token` can be used as a
  query parameter in dev URLs.
- web: Updated minimum disk size requirement when creating a workspace to 1 GB
  and maximum disk size constraint to 8 TiB.
- web: Added ability to choose the SSH keygen algorithm Coder uses when
  generating SSH keys.
- infra: Added ability to opt-in to OIDC's new refresh feature, allowing
  Coder-issued API keys to inherit session timing limits and to use refresh
  tokens to ensure continued access.
- infra: Improved speed of metrics query to improve metrics page performance.
- infra: Added `coderd.trustProxyIP` to Helm chart to allow configuration of
  Real IP.
- web: Added **External Connect** toggle to enable/disable SSH access and
  external tunneling to workspaces (excludes dev URLs).
- web: Images tags now update asynchronously.
- web: The workspace provider ping functionality has been removed from the Coder
  UI.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: Fixed issue where dev URL session cookies were not using the root path.
- cli: Fixed issue with white border appearing in terminal windows.
- web: Fixed issue where audit log showed when the workspace deletion was
  requested instead of when it was deleted.
- infra: Fixed API issue where routes returning daily active user metrics were
  incorrect.
- web: Fixed issue where user deletion took an extended period of time (users
  will now be deleted faster).
- web: Fixed issue where Safari users saw a blank screen during OIDC redirect.
- web: Fixed issue with failed user deletes; any failed deletes are retried, and
  the username and email are immediately available after the user is deleted.

### Security updates 🔐

- infra: CSRF tokens are now added to all non-GET, HEAD, OPTIONS, or TRACE HTTP
  calls, while all POST, PATCH, DELETE calls required a CSRF token if using
  `cookie` for authentication.
- infra: New keys are generated using the Ed25519 digital signature algorithm
  instead of ECDSA.
- infra: Updated function to generate unbiased random strings for generating
  secret values, such as API keys, default site admin passwords, auto-generated
  passwords for password reset.
- infra: Added support for running Coder's control plane containers with
  OpenShift's restricted security context constraints (SCC).
- web: Added functionality to strip extraneous cookies from dev URLs.
- infra: Added functionality to disable browser features not needed by Coder,
  including accelerometer, autoplay, battery, camera, document domain,
  geolocation, gyroscope, magnetometer, microphone, midi, payment, USB, VR,
  screen wake/lock, and XR spatial tracking.
- web: Updated incorrect login message to be more generic.
