---
title: "1.23.0"
description: "Released on 09/22/2021"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.23.0.

### Features ✨

- Doctor: [Doctor](https://github.com/cdr/coder-doctor) assesses a Kubernetes
  cluster to determine its readiness for Coder installation; if there are
  issues, Doctor provides information on why.
- Terraform: Coder has released the first of a series of
  [Terraform scripts](https://github.com/cdr/enterprise-terraform) to facilitate
  one-click Coder deployment.

- web: added support for [generic applications](../workspaces/applications.md);
  users can provide images with custom applications, instead of only using
  applications that have been built into the container image `PATH`.
- web: added support for DataSpell.
- web: improved input validation for dev URLs.
- web: added ability to get access token returned by OIDC providers on login.
- web: added usage statistics for individual workspaces to the Organizations
  section of the UI.
- web: renamed "decommissioned" state to "deleting" when referring to the
  process of deleting a workspace and freeing up its resources.
- web: added integrated live chat user so that hosted beta users can reach the
  Coder support team.
- web: added in-product changelog.
- web: added dark mode for the Coder UI.
- web: added ability to provide a shell command to be run when starting a
  terminal in Coder.
- web: updated default workspace resource allocation from 1 core and 1 GB of
  memory to 4 cores and 4 GB of memory.
- web: updated audit log to include information about workspace stop actions.
- web: added ability to specify the Kubernetes service account name when editing
  a workspace provider.
- cli: added `run coder update` command; users can now update the Coder CLI
  directly.
- api: added ability to use the Coder API to create workspaces.
- infra: updated logging so that Coder will send an error to `stdout` if unable
  to write to the in-product audit log.
- infra: add support for containerd for cached CVMs.
- infra: updated Coder to use the latest stable version of JetBrains Projector.
- infra: updated Next.js `10` to `11`.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed inconsistent color scheming in UI.
- web: fixed issues related to the rendering of UI components.
- web: fixed issues in the UI with longer strings of text.
- web: updated build log to show elapsed time for the final step.
- web: fixed issue with Coder networking agent hanging when certificates are
  missing.
- web: fixed issue where STUN URI field in the admin panel could not be left
  empty.
- web: fixed issue with session cookies not persisting in Safari.
- web: fixed issue preventing users from signing out of Coder.
- web: fixed intermittent workspace build and build log errors when using cached
  CVMs.
- infra: fixed issue with SSH connections immediately closing when using cached
  CVMs.
- infra: fixed issue with cached CVMs not having internet connectivity when
  network policies are enabled on GKE.
- infra: fixed issue with cached CVMs not preserving environment variables
  passed from the image.
- infra: consolidated requests sent when to get dev URL status, lessening server
  load.
- infra: fixed issue with inability to delete workspace provider if its cluster
  has been deleted.

### Security updates 🔐

- api: the admin-only authentication API no longer returns the OIDC client
  secret.
- infra: added `X-Content-Type-Options` to headers returned by Coder so that
  browsers avoid automatically detecting MIME types based on content.
- infra: added CSP `frame-ancestors` directive to prevent click-jacking.
- infra: reduced session cookie expiration time from seven days to twenty-four
  hours.
