---
title: "1.24.0"
description: "Released on 10/21/2021"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.24.0.

### Features ✨

- EC2: added support for Amazon EC2.
- web: added ability to pull images from private Amazon ECR repositories.
- web: added ability to open VS Code locally from Coder.
- infra: added auto-injection of certificates needed by `coderd`.
- web: added alert to notify users when disks are full.
- web: added ability for end-users to set auto-off behavior for their
  workspaces.
- web: added information regarding applications used to the audit log.
- web: added description field to workspace providers.
- web: added ability to upload avatars for workspace providers.
- web: updated the in-product changelog to display information for multiple
  versions of Coder.
- web: added ability to set the background color for all in-product banners with
  a color picker.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed rendering issues when using dark theme.
- web: fixed issue with inability to update a registry name or URL.
- web: fixed issue with Coder not displaying an error when there is an issue
  during OIDC login.
- web: fixed issue where large outputs would sometimes cause web terminals to
  disconnect.
- web: fixed issue with Intercom not loading for hosted beta users.
- web: fixed issue with RStudio not launching.
- web: fixed issue with password max length validation being too narrow for
  registries (password length limit for image registries has been updated to 32
  KiB).
- web: fixed issue with incorrect dev URL status indicators
- web: fixed issue with dev URLs sometimes not opening.
- web: fixed issue with the **Save Preferences** button being permanently
  disabled.
- web: fixed issues with rendering icons in the user interface.
- web: fixed issue with workspace templates sometimes not updating.
- web: fixed issue with workspaces needing to be rebuilt twice after
  regenerating an SSH key.
- infra: fixed issue with inability to set `ulimit` inside cached CVMs.
- api: removed ability for site managers to create site admins through the API.

### Security updates 🔐

- infra: removed dependency on vulnerable `jwt-go` package.
- infra: updated login functionality to always hash passwords on login.
- infra: applied the `Content-Type-Options: nosniff` header to `envagent` and
  satellite responses.
- infra: added `referrer-policy: no-referrer` header to responses from Coder
  (including satellites) that include static content.
- infra: added expiration date to dev URL cookies.

### Known issues 🔧

- web: the service banner (if enabled) reappears for all users, even if they've
  previously dismissed it.
- web: opening an SSH connection using the web terminal in Coder can
  occasionally result in the connection being reset and needing to be restarted.
- web: the **Switch workspace** drop-down menu shows a workspace's status as
  **Building** even though the build process is completed.
