---
title: "1.25.0"
description: "Released on 11/17/2021"
---

> The final patch release of Kubernetes 1.19 was published on 28 October 2021.
> As such, the _subsequent_ versions of Coder (v1.26 and later) will require the
> use of Kubernetes 1.20 or later. See Coder's [version support policy] for more
> information.

<!-- Turn off linting to avoid changing the link -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD044 -->

[version support policy]:
  ../setup/kubernetes/index.md#supported-kubernetes-versions

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD044 -->

### Breaking changes ❗

> See [Update considerations](../setup/upgrade/considerations.md) for
> additional information.

- web: updated dev URLs to use a double hyphen as the delimiter. Please update
  bookmarks accordingly.

### Features ✨

- EC2: **alpha**. added support for
  [workspace providers deployed on EC2 instances](../admin/workspace-providers/deployment/ec2.md).
- Coder for Docker: added ability for Linux and macOS
  [users with Docker Desktop to quickly deploy Coder](../setup/docker.md).
- web: **alpha**. added support for
  [IRSA authentication](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/introducing-fine-grained-iam-roles-service-accounts/)
  with AWS ECR. This can be enabled under **Manage > Admin > Infrastructure >
  ECR IAM Role Authentication**.
- web: removed the workspace create interstitial page for selecting custom or
  templated workspaces and replaced with a drop-down button.
- web: updated the **Create a Workspace** screen so that the **Advanced**
  section is collapsed by default.
- web: added support for hyphens in usernames.
- web: improved length validation on dev URL names to conform with hostname
  length limit.
- web: improved performance of the Coder UI.
- cli: added ability to set auto-off times on a per-workspace basis.
- infra: added the `CODER_ORGANIZATION_ID` environment variable.
- infra: added ability to pass custom headers to workspace applications.
- infra: added ability to check for non-200 status codes related to workspace
  applications.
- infra: added
  [permissions for service account creation](https://github.com/cdr/enterprise-helm/blob/main/templates/rbac.yaml#L33)
  to the RBAC Helm charts.
- infra: added functionality to create Kubernetes service accounts for
  workspaces when service account annotations are set for the workspace
  provider.
- infra: added functionality to edit theaffinity of workspaces for workspace
  providers.
- infra: **alpha**. added option to enable self-contained workspace builds,
  eliminating dependency on `kube exec`.
- infra: updated to Next.js 12.
- infra: updated JetBrains Projector to Agent v1.7 and Client v1.4.
- infra: added logging for workspace applications.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed audit log rendering issues.
- web: fixed feedback form loading and rendering errors.
- cli: fixed issue with user login overwriting configuration used by the Coder
  Agent.
- cli: fixed issue with the web terminal not loading information correctly when
  running `--help`.
- cli: added `tunnel` to the Coder CLI help listing.
- infra: fixed issue with CVMs due to `shiftfs` failing to compile on kernel
  v5.11+.
- infra: reverted Sysbox version due to memory corruption issues with Nix.
- infra: fixed memory leak.
- infra: fixed issue with `coder sync` not functioning properly.
- infra: fixed issue with TLS certificates not properly updating at runtime.

### Security updates 🔐

- api: restricted ability to list all users and workspaces through the API to
  site managers and site admins.
- api: removed ability to return OIDC IdP client secret using admin
  authentication API.
- infra: implemented `update-crypto-policies` in images to ensure there's no use
  of insecure cryptography in images.

### Known issues 🔧

- web: the service banner (if enabled) reappears for all users, even if they've
  previously dismissed it.
- web: using the web terminal in Coder can occasionally result in the connection
  being reset and needing to be restarted.
- web: the **Switch workspace** drop-down menu shows a workspace's status as
  **Building** even though the build process is completed.
