---
title: "1.27.0"
description: "Released on 01/19/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.27.0.

### Features ✨

- web: added ability to disable built-in logins to Coder once OIDC
  authentication has been configured.
- web: added tutorial on setting up Git OAuth connection to the onboarding steps
  displayed to administrators when launching a new Coder deployment.
- web: switched default extensions marketplace to OpenVSX.
- web: added ability to generate RSA SSH keys.
- web: added auto-off settings to the **Create Workspace** and **Edit
  Workspace** forms’ **Advanced** section.
- web: added functionality to prune images and log image pull process for EC2
  providers.
- infra: added support for Podman as an alternative to sysbox for CVM
  workspaces.
- infra: added functionality to log all system-level processes executing in the
  workspace.
- infra: added ability to customize resource requests and limits in workspace
  templates.
- infra: added support for volume resizing on EC2 providers.
- infra: added mutual TLS support to Postgres database connections to/from
  Coder.
- infra: improved logging to help diagnose authentication issues.
- infra: added logging to and improved error handling for workspace providers.
- infra: update code-server to 4.0.1.
- infra: added support for AWS IAM authentication to RDS instances.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed issue with exported audit logs showing incorrect IP addresses.
- web: fixed issue where enabling a feature flag disabled all other feature
  flags.
- web: fixed issue on OAuth setup page where client ID and client secret fields
  were incorrectly auto-filled.
- web: fixed issue with select toggle switches not working.
- web: fixed issue with Intercom button showing in applications, including IDEs.
- web: fixed workspace provider authorization issues that occasionally resulted
  in workspace builds hanging.
- cli: fixed CLI so that it places updated binary to the current working
  directory if the existing binary is under a blocked prefix.
- infra: fixed issue with OIDC provisioning more users than allowed by the
  active license.
- infra: fixed issue with workspace template searching.
- infra: updated GitHub SDK to v41.0.0.
- infra: fixed embeddable buttons to support workspace templates that launch a
  Coder for Docker deployment.

### Security updates 🔐

There are no security updates in 1.27.0

### Known issues 🔧

- web: the service banner (if enabled) reappears for all users, even if they've
  previously dismissed it.
- web: using the web terminal in Coder can occasionally result in the connection
  being reset and needing to be restarted.
- web: the **Switch workspace** drop-down menu shows a workspace's status as
  **Building** even though the build process is completed.
- web: users installing v1.24 (or later) into an air-gapped environment cannot
  upload their license when prompted.
