---
title: "1.28.0"
description: "Released on 02/16/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

- infra: Coder v1.28.x requires the use of Kubernetes v1.21 or later. See
  Coder's [version support policy] for more information.

<!-- Turn off linting to avoid changing the link -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD044 -->

[version support policy]:
  ../setup/kubernetes/index.md#supported-kubernetes-versions

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD044 -->

### Features ✨

- web: added support for requesting additional scopes from the OIDC
  authentication provider.
- web: added prompt for new users to link their Git accounts when signing in for
  the first time.
- C4D: added ability to view Docker workspace providers in the dashboard and
  edit its name and organizations whitelist.
- C4D: added support for remote Postgres databases to Coder for Docker.
- cli: added ability for authenticated users to obtain their OIDC access token
  from the Coder CLI using `coder tokens get-oidc-access-token`.
- api: added `autostart_at` field to the information returned about users.
- infra: updated code-server to 4.0.2.
- infra: added [support for a single access URL](../admin/satellites/geodns.md)
  to be used for both primary and satellite deployments using GeoDNS.
- infra: updated Coder to pass `X-Forwarded-For` headers to dev URL connections.
- infra: add client TLS support for Coder, which is used for connections to
  registries and Git providers.
- infra: added a `labels` field to all logged entries for AWS EKS.
- infra: added
  [support for TUN devices](../admin/workspace-management/tun-device.md) to
  CVM-enabled workspaces.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed issue with Coder not persisting custom resource allocation
  requests.
- web: fixed issue where existing OIDC users cannot log in when the license is
  at maximum usage.
- web: fixed issue with dormant user accounts not being redirected home properly
  after being reactivated.
- web: fixed issue with workspace provider tooltip interfering with the
  workspace start button.
- web: removed ability to use double-hyphens in workspaces, causing conflict
  with dev URLs.
- web: fix issue with custom apps not working with satellites.
- C4D: fixed issue with access URLs not being saved.
- C4D: fixed issue with inability to rebuild workspaces relying on templates.
- cli: fixed issue where the `coder-cli` location was not appended to the `PATH`
  in terminal sessions.
- infra: added functionality to clean up and remove image pull secrets during
  workspace clean-up.
- infra: fixed issues with `coderd` certificate injection.

### Security updates 🔐

- web: added requirement to authenticate when auto-creating dev URLs.

### Known issues 🔧

- web: the service banner (if enabled) reappears for all users, even if they've
  previously dismissed it.
- web: using the web terminal in Coder can occasionally result in the connection
  being reset and needing to be restarted.
- web: the **Switch workspace** drop-down menu shows a workspace's status as
  **Building** even though the build process is completed.
- web: users installing v1.24 (or later) into an air-gapped environment cannot
  upload their license when prompted.
