# 1.30.0

### Breaking changes ❗

- web: Due to changes made to Coder to support the use of multiple Git
  providers, you must regenerate any existing
  [embeddable buttons](../admin/templates.md#embeddable-button) (e.g., those
  created with Coder v1.29.x or earlier). Otherwise, the buttons will not work
  correctly.

### Features ✨

- web: added
  [admin toggle that sets whether new workspaces are CVMs or not](../admin/workspace-management/cvms/management.md#default-workspaces-to-cvms)
  (if CVMs are enabled for the deployment).
- web: added support for the use of
  [multiple Git OAuth providers](../admin/git.md).
- web: added ability to
  [choose webRTC mode](../workspaces/preferences.md#networking).
- infra: upgraded code-server to v4.3.0 (featuring VS Code v1.65.2).
- infra: added ability for an admin to
  [disable the download files function](../guides/admin/disable-downloads.md)
  from the web IDE's tree view.
- infra: added ability to toggle
  [logging of OIDC tokens](../admin/access-control/manage.md#logging).
- infra: mounted additional NVIDIA GPU libraries (specifically the GL/GLX
  libraries) from the host into CVMs if users request GPUs.
- infra: added `CODER_MAX_WORKSPACES_PER_USER` environment variable to `coderd`
  that
  [controls the maximum number of workspaces allowed to each user](../admin/workspace-management/limits.md).
- infra: improved Bitbucket server account linking error messages to help debug
  integration issues.
- infra: added certificate injection to self-contained builds.
- infra: updated Coder so that
  [self-contained builds](../admin/workspace-management/self-contained-builds.md)
  are now the default.
- infra: updated Sysbox to version 0.5.0.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed issue where dev URLs created via configure scripts do not show in
  the UI without a manual refresh.
- web: fixed issue with Projector navbar occasionally displaying.
- web: fixed issue where JetBrains 2022.1 IDE versions would not open in
  Projector.
- web: fixed issue with EC2 provider workspaces hanging on build if a filesystem
  issue prevented mounting user volumes.
- web: fixed issue where creating/editing an audit log results in two audit log
  entries.
- web: fixed issue where changes to the Git URL in dotfiles aren’t included in
  the audit log.
- web: fixed issue where air-gapped deployments wouldn’t render “Open in Coder”
  buttons.
- web: fixed issue where users could create new workspaces even when there were
  no workspace providers configured for the organization.
- web: fixed metrics to track connections via SSH.
- infra: fixed scan error on metrics table caused by float being scanned as int.
- infra: fixed issue where the built-in provider respawns when `coderd`
  restarts.
- infra: fixed issue where the Coder front-end attempts to reconnect to a
  workspace even when it is offline.
- infra: updated Coder to return a 404 error instead of a 5xx error if `coderd`
  cannot reach a workspace.
- infra: fixed issue where air-gapped deployments were unable to update admin
  configuration settings.

### Security updates 🔐

- infra: fixed issue with authorization controls that allowed unauthorized
  editing of shells and dotfiles.
- infra: fixed issue where site managers could change a user’s login type to
  built-in, even when built-in authentication is disabled in favor of OIDC
  login.
- infra: added validation to URIs used in dotfiles.

### Known issues 🔧

- web: the service banner (if enabled) reappears for all users, even if they've
  previously dismissed it.
- web: using the web terminal in Coder can occasionally result in the connection
  being reset and needing to be restarted.
- web: the **Switch workspace** drop-down menu shows a workspace's status as
  **Building** even though the build process is completed.
- web: users installing v1.24 (or later) into an air-gapped environment cannot
  upload their license when prompted.
- infra: workspaces using images without `curl` available (e.g.,
  `ubuntu:latest`) will fail to build on new Coder deployments with
  self-contained workspace builds enabled. The workaround is to use a base image
  with `curl` available (e.g., `codercom/enterprise-base:ubuntu`).
- web: JetBrains IDEs versions 2022.2 or later are not compatible with the
  installed Projector version in this release.
