---
title: "1.31.0"
description: "Released on 05/26/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.31.0.

### Features ✨

- web: moved the following features and settings from alpha/beta to general
  availability; these features and settings are now available by default instead
  of requiring users to toggle a feature flag:
  - Autostart
  - Workspace container runtime settings:
    - Cached CVMs
    - Auto-loading of the `shiftfs` kernel module
    - Self-contained workspace builds
    - Workspace process logging
    - TUN devices

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed issue where audit logs were not written if a request context was
  canceled.
- web: fixed issue with dev URL endpoint to improve the way `coderd` retrieves
  status information regarding dev URLs.
- web: fixed issue where users cannot update user account details if the
  dotfiles URI is blank.
- infra: Coder tunnel no longer exits after a single connection.
- infra: fixed issue where a lower MTU caused connections to break.
- infra: fixed issue where `coderd` attempts to connect to workspaces that have
  been deleted.
- infra: added automatic reconnection if the web terminal disconnects.

### Security updates 🔐

There are no security updates in 1.31.0.

### Known issues 🔧

- web: the service banner (if enabled) reappears for all users, even if they've
  previously dismissed it.
- web: using the web terminal in Coder can occasionally result in the connection
  being reset and needing to be restarted.
- web: the **Switch workspace** drop-down menu shows a workspace's status as
  **Building** even though the build process is completed.
- web: users upgrading to v1.24 (or later) into an air-gapped environment cannot
  upload their license when prompted.
- web: by default, Coder workspace builds are self-contained; as such, images
  that do _not_ contain `curl` will result in the workspace failing to build.
- web: JetBrains IDEs versions 2022.2 or later are not compatible with the
  installed Projector version in this release.
