---
title: "1.32.0"
description: "Released on 06/22/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.32.0.

### Features ✨

- web: added details to workspace-related logging, including image repository
  name, an audit log diff for workspace updates, and resource information for
  build/delete jobs.
- web: added workspace details to dev URL audit log entries.
- infra: updated Coder logs to include user ID, workspace ID, org ID, and image
  hash, name, and tag.
- web: removed 1 MB upload limit on dev URLs.
- infra: exposed workspace build times as a Prometheus endpoint metric.
- infra: doubled the UID and GID map size for cached CVMs from 65k to 131k.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed issue where image tag processing stops if the image tag fails to
  update (due to expired credentials, change in endpoints, etc.), resulting in
  tags not being updated hourly.
- web: fixed issue where workspaces that auto-start were not retrieving the
  latest image tag.
- infra: fixed issue where OIDC access tokens without a set expiration time were
  treated as expired.
- web: fixed issue where opening a JetBrain IDE wasn't logged to the audit log.
- web: fixed issue where the audit log doesn't log the first time VS Code (Code
  Web) is opened in a new workspace.
- infra: fixed issue with double calls to WebRTC stats in
  `(*wsnet.DialerCache).evict()`.

### Security updates 🔐

- infra: fixed issue where Coder was not removing all dev URL session cookies on
  logout.
- infra: increased security of Coder's CSP settings, minimizing attack surface
  for XSS attacks.

### Known issues 🔧

- web: the service banner (if enabled) reappears for all users, even if they've
  previously dismissed it.
- web: using the web terminal in Coder can occasionally result in the connection
  being reset and needing to be restarted.
- web: the **Switch workspace** drop-down menu shows a workspace's status as
  **Building** even though the build process is completed.
- web: users upgrading to v1.24 (or later) into an air-gapped environment cannot
  upload their license when prompted.
- web: by default, Coder workspace builds are self-contained; as such, images
  that do _not_ contain `curl` will result in the workspace failing to build.
