# 1.33.0

### Breaking changes ❗

- infra: the "Getting default user from image" build step now spawns a container
  that consumes 100m CPU and 250mb of memory. Previously these were unset, which
  can cause issues with some Kubernetes variants.

### Features ✨

- cli: allow local address specification in `coder tunnel`
- cli: added retry logic to `coder tunnel`. Default is 0 retries.
- infra: added the ability to set annotations on the `environments` service
  account in Helm.
- web: updated code-server to 4.5.1

### Bug fixes 🐛

- infra: increased terminal timeout to 15 minutes.
- infra: fixed dotfiles validation to allow extra formats.
- infra: fixed websocket issue in webkit-based browsers.
- infra: fixed memory/cpu limits not being set in inner container for CVMs.
- infra: fixed an issue where coderd would not launch due to an OIDC config
  error.
- infra: fixed some memory leaks in the workspace agent.
- infra: fixed the Workspace Provider access URL not being honored for
  connections.
- web: removed auto-off audit log spam.
- web: improved error message for enabling build-in auth.
- web: fixed support for multiple links to the same OAuth service type.
- web: fixed site-admins Dev URLs privileges.
- web: removed some telemetry-related log spam
- web: fixed some config endpoints not being audited.

### Security updates 🔐

There are no security updates in 1.33.0.

### Known issues 🔧

- web: JetBrains IDEs versions 2022.2 or later are not compatible with the
  installed Projector version in this release.
