---
title: "1.34.0"
description: "Released on 08/31/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes 1.34.0.

### Features ✨

- web: added filtering capabilities to metrics page.
- web: added ability to disable editing of usernames for OIDC login.
- infra: allowed overriding Bitbucket OAuth consumer key using the
  CODERD_BITBUCKET_CONSUMER_KEY environment variable.
- infra: added automatic user deprovisioning via SCIM.
- infra: updated sysbox to v0.5.2. Fixed an issue where CVMs would not work with
  latest Docker versions inside the user container.
- infra: added ability to toggle on/off the coderd `DEBUG` logs in the Helm chart.
- cli: added a warning to the CLI when attempting to access a workspace that
  requires a rebuild.
- cli: added --duration flag to coder tokens create to control token lifetime.
- cli: added prometheus stats to WebRTC connections.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- infra: fixed CVMs to properly report CPU and memory allocation.
- infra: reduced log spam in workspace agent logs.
- infra: fixed workspace builds being stuck on "enqueuing workspace build" step
  due to nil pointer panic. Workspaces that were getting stuck should now show a
  proper root cause error in the build log.
- infra: upgraded code-server to 4.6.0 to fix disconnects caused by reverse
  proxy idle timeouts.
- infra: fixed an issue where disconnecting from a pod log stream resulted in a
  failed build.
- infra: improved WebRTC connection logging.
- infra: improved WebRTC session handling.
- infra: fixed SSH from logging noisily by default.

### Security updates 🔐

- infra: added fix to prevent cross-origin websocket requests.
