---
title: "1.36.0"
description: "Released on 10/26/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.36.0

### Features ✨

- infra: Allowed older verions of curl for self-contained builds.
- infra: Allowed workspace template builds even if user does not have permission
  to add webhooks on their git repo.
- infra: Broke out API request latency Prometheus metrics by route.
- infra: Added Prometheus metrics around background job execution.
- infra: Added support for cached CVMs with 5.15 and 5.16 kernel versions.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: Fixed the "back to site" button that appears when trying to access an IDE
  on a workspace that has shut off.
- infra: Fixed a goroutine leak.
- web: Fixed relative links on embedded docs.
- infra: Large numbers of concurrent workspace builds are distributed more
  evenly amongst multiple coderd replicas.
- web: Allow org managers to view activity metrics.
- infra: Fix SSH connections not being audit logged.
- infra: Fixed an issue where temporary pods created during build did not have
  templates applied.
- infra: Fixed an issue where the hostname was set to `workspace` for CVM
  workspaces irrespective of the workspace name.
- helm: Fixed an issue where the helm install was not respecting the
  `coderd.postgres.noPasswordEnv` variable

### Security updates 🔐

- infra: Fixed an issued where Coder services inside the workspace could be
  reached via the network from outside in some environments.

### Known Issues ℹ️

- On AWS EKS, cached CVMs are known to not work with more recent versions of the
  `Ubuntu2004` AMI family that include kernel version `5.15-aws`. Workaround:
  roll back to a version that includes an earlier kernel version (for example,
  `ubuntu-eks/k8s_1.22/images/hvm-ssd/ubuntu-focal-20.04-amd64-server-20220706`)
  or build a custom AMI with the generic kernel.
