---
title: "1.37.0"
description: "Released on 11/23/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

- infra: Workspace statistics were previously stored in a table
  `environment_stats`. This table is removed in this release. Downgrading from
  this version to an older version may require manual steps.
- cli: `coder ssh` and `coder tunnel` invocations from older versions of the CLI
  may fail with the following error:

  ```console
  cannot unmarshal string into Go struct field ICEServer.data.credentialType of
  type webrtc.ICECredentialType
  ```

  Solution: upgrade CLI to `1.37.0`.

### Features ✨

- infra: The database schema name used by Coder can now be changed by setting
  the `DB_SEARCH_STRING` environment variable.
- web: The list of organization workspaces is now paginated.
- infra: The internal bridge network used by CVMs can now be configured under
  the workspace provider settings page.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- infra: Fixed an issue where workspace builds would fail due to a missing
  `podSecurityContext`.
- infra: Fixed an issue where CVMs would not have the correct hostname set.
- web: Fixed an issue where organizations were not sorted alphabetically in the
  UI.
- web: Improved error messaging when importing an image fails.
- web: Fixed an issue where changing settings under **Admin** would not show up
  correctly in audit logs.
- infra: Fixed an issue where Coder services would incorrectly leave out client
  TLS credentials when communicating with GitLab.
- infra: Fixed a memory leak that occurs when attempting to update an image with
  invalid stored credentials.
- infra: Coder will now propagate its `http_proxy`, `https_proxy`, and
  `no_proxy` environment variables when building workspaces. This fixes issues
  when building CVM-enabled workspaces where the workspace image must be
  accessed through a HTTP proxy.

### Security updates 🔐

- infra: Updates `code-server` to `4.8.3` which includes Visual Studio Code
  version `1.72.1`. This mitigates `CVE-2022-36067`.
- infra: Fixed an issue where ordinary users could obtain admin-level
  credentials from the Coder API.
