---
title: "1.38.0"
description: "Released on 01/04/2023"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.38.0.

### Features ✨

- Individual image tags can now be decommissioned. Existing workspaces using a
  decommissioned tag will be migrated to use the default tag upon rebuild. Adds
  new organization-level roles: Organization Super Manager, Organization Image
  Manager, and Organization Importer. These roles allow finer-grained access
  control around image and registry management. For more information, see
  [Organization Roles](https://coder.com/docs/coder/latest/admin/access-control/organizations).
  > ℹ️ ️Migration: existing users with the Organization Manager role will be
  > migrated to Organization Super Manager, and users with the Organization
  > Member role will be migrated to Importer. Both of these changes will result
  > in no effective permission changes for existing users.
- Improves web terminal reconnection by leveraging [GNU Screen](https://www.gnu.org/software/screen/) if available
  inside the workspace. Workspaces without screen installed will no longer
  support reconnection.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- Fixed an issue where operations on API keys were not audit-logged.
- Fixed an issue where CVMs would fail to build when their home volume is
  completely full.
- Fixed an issue where users accessing a DevURL could encounter a redirect loop
  under certain circumstances.
- Fixed an issue where users accessing Coder through an HTTP proxy were unable to
  access workspaces or view build logs in some cases.
- Fixed an issue where satellites would need to be manually restarted to pick up
  changes in certificates.
- Fixed an issue where users were able to reduce the size of their home volume,
  which is not supported in Kubernetes.
- Fixed some rendering issues with the web terminal and SSH, for example when
  using Emacs or GNU Screen.

### Security updates 🔐

- Fixed an issue where an attacker could craft a malicious DevURL redirect link
  to exfiltrate a token that allows accessing that user's devURLs.
- Fixed an issue where organization members could read information about other
  users' workspaces.
- Fixed an issue where users could create DevURLs to ports reserved by the Coder
  agent.
- Fixed an issue where Content Security Policy violations were reported from
  Coder's own UI.
