# 1.40.0

### Breaking changes ❗

- After upgrade to 1.40.0, workspaces must be rebuilt before they can be used.

### Features ✨

- Added logout events to the audit log (previously, users would see deletion of
  APIKeys, but no explicit logout event).
- Added ability to disable OIDC account auto-creation.
- Organization memberships are shown on the Users page.
- CLI detects when it connects to a v2 Coder instance and warns the user to
  upgrade their CLI.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- Fixed an issue where satellite deployments would proxy Dev URL requests to the
  main deployment instead of their own configured Dev URL domain.
- Fixed an issue where initial setup would hang when attempting to change the
  password for admin.
- Fixed an issue where user filter was not being applied and/or incorrectly
  reporting "no users found" after creating a new user.
- Fixed an issue where coder would unnecessarily create an application token for
  a user when they authenticated to a DevURL.
- Fixed an issue where the Dashboard would render twice.
- Fixed an issue where deleted users would show up when using a filter in the
  user list.
- Fixed an issue where "create" audit logs would be emitted when existing users
  log in over OIDC.
- Fixed an issue where images and tags from a deleted organization would
  incorrectly be retained in the database.
- Fixed an issue where some audit log diffs showed `[object Object]` instead of
  the changes.
- Fixed an issue where Organization names were incorrectly required to be at
  least 3 characters.
- Fixed an issue where configuration changes to workspace providers were not
  being applied to all Coderd replicas.

### Security updates 🔐

- Resetting the admin password via 'coderd reset-admin-password' now deletes all
  existing admin API keys.
- Fixed an issue where cached CVMs would fail to find the correct rootfs for a
  workspace.
- Added the ability to serve IDEs and Workspace applications from a domain
  separate from the Coder server. This prevents IDEs and applications from
  making authenticated requests to the Coder API. This is an administrative
  setting and enabling it may break existing user bookmarks directly to IDEs and
  applications, requiring them to re-bookmark.
